Father, with the strength of our Chu family
Why participate in the ultimate bloodbath?
Can't let the big eater
Do you directly participate in the World Martial Arts Conference?
No need.
You don't know
The martial arts of the world are gunners like a forest
There are many experts
It's like a dog.
Even if you walk all over the place
Although our Chu family is strong
But can't get the martial arts world
widely recognized
Can't get involved at all?
Ultimate bloodbath
Difficult
The death rate is incredibly high.
But with the ability of the big eater
Winning is difficult
Self-preservation is not a problem
If you can come out of the middle of the bloody battle
10 billion bonus is second
Unconditional invitation to participate in the World Martial Arts Competition
Going straight to the Final Four is very important to him
I see
What are you looking at, little friend?
Isn't it nice?
Horses have four legs
The sea is full of water
Good looking friend
Did you know
Pretending to be garlic in front of a grandmaster
But a very unwise move
Senior Qin joked
There is a last resort
It is inconvenient to try it for what it is
I just fried you a few words casually
I didn't expect you to be guessed right by me.
I watch you answer that the innate is clean
One step away from the master
But no courtesy
Am I right?
Senior Qin's discerning eyes are like saws
Please provide guidance
Hey
For the sake of serving the Chu family
I'll just give you a few pointers
You need to remember three sentences
Talk into the city
Grandmaster hair realm is king
just-in phase
field
Dare to ask seniors
How powerful are the legendary land gods?
There are often legends of land gods
At that time, no one had ever stepped into the forbidden state
Under the Grandmaster
Broken body alchemy
Unleash physical potential
Stimulate physical strength
Grandmaster activates the qi of heaven and earth
Mobilize the power of heaven and earth
Use air pressure
And the legendary land gods
Maybe it's God merging heaven and earth
Transform heaven and earth into self-awareness
Mouth containing the sword
verbal destruction
No one will answer first
How can I set foot
Land Fairy Realm
There are rumors that there is a blessing of atmospheric luck
You can enter the land fairy realm
Some people say
Talented geniuses can be like land
Which is true and which is false?
Who else
Big eater
The kids from Ultimate Club are on deck
Wait for what is needed